README.md, before:

# dev-estimation
Tool to estimate a project delivery date based on keywords assumptions

## Current Stage (Last updated at 17/JUN/2022)
The project was created today, so yeah, there's pretty much nothing here!
I also wouldn't suggest contributing (PR) yet as there'll most likely be many changes to the app and its goals. 
Issues or suggestions are more than welcome! You can mail me at frpm1001@gmail.com

______

## List of Desired Features
- CRUD responsible for organization
- CRUD organization
  - organization can have a default hours/day and days/week to pass down (suggest) to the project
- CRUD users from organization
- CRUD project
  - project also saves the info about hours/day and days/week
  - can add a buffer time/multiplier to the project
  - can add a team size multiplier (divider, if you will) to the project
  - N:1 organization
- CRUD estimates
  - N:1 project
- CRUD pre-made estimates per organization
  - i.e CRUD = 1 day of work, login = 2 days of work...
  - different organizations can set different time estimates and create their own
- Calculate total time of project delivery + elaborate a timeline based on the inputs
- Print a simple text document from it

### Long-term Features
- Can generate cards for trello/project management tools
- Generate a presentation for potential stakeholders based on the inputs

______

## ERD
- The ERD itself is under construction. Below you can see the relationships planned:

- responsible 1:1 organization
- organization 1:N users (might change to N:N)
- organization 1:N projects
- projects N:N users
- project 1:N estimates
- estimates N:N pre-made estimates

______

## Goals
- Get used to do TDD from the beginning of the project
- Have a tool that allows devs to effectively and quickly provide a project delivery date

Commit message:

Updated readme's desired features and ERD

README.md, after:

# dev-estimation
Tool to estimate a project delivery date based on keywords assumptions

## Current Stage (Last updated at 19/JUN/2022)
This project is still in its early stages, so there's pretty much nothing here!

I also wouldn't suggest contributing (PR) yet as there'll most likely be many changes to the app and its goals.

But feel free to suggest features, ideas, or anything, and even post them on issues!

Issues or suggestions are more than welcome! You can mail me at frpm1001@gmail.com

______

## List of Desired Features
- CRUD user
- CRUD organization
  - organization can have a default days/week to pass down (suggest) to the project
- User can create organization
  - users_organizations holds the authority level of the user within the organization
- CRUD project
  - project also saves the info about days/week
  - can add a buffer time/multiplier to the project
  - can add a team size multiplier (divider, if you will) to the project
  - project saves info about days/progress
  - N:1 organization
- CRUD estimate
  - N:1 project
- CRUD pre-made estimates per organization
  - i.e [CRUD = 1 day of work, login = 2 days of work]...
  - different organizations can set different time estimates and create their own
- Calculate total time of project delivery + elaborate a timeline based on the inputs
- Print a simple text document from it

### Long-term Features
- Can generate cards for trello/project management tools
- Generate a presentation for potential stakeholders based on the inputs

______

## ERD
- The ERD itself is under construction. Below you can see the relationships planned:

- users N:N organizations
  - (not adding specific tables for different authority levels because they can be changed at any given time).
- organization 1:N projects
- projects N:N users
- project 1:N estimates
- estimates N:N pre-made estimates
- estimates N:N custom-made estimates (might not be saved)

______

## Goals
- Get used to do TDD from the beginning of the project
- Have a tool that allows devs to effectively and quickly provide a project delivery date
